Add params and setup for pr comments (#1997)
pulumi/pulumi-hugo: themes/default/content/docs/guides/continuous-delivery/azure-devops.md

- A git repo with your Azure DevOps project set as the remote URL.
    - To learn more about how to [create a git repo in your DevOps project](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/devops/organizations/projects/create-project?view=vsts&tabs=new-nav).

> ## Command Summary

Reviewer: should the table in this section, list required parameters first? i think that's our general pattern, but happy to break from it if there's a specific reason to.

Author: Fixed.

| Parameter Name | Required? | Parameter Description |
|----|---|------|

> | azureSubscription | No | Optionally reference a service connection. If not used, environment variables can be configured with the credentials needed for the applicable Pulumi providers. |
> | command | No | The applicable [Pulumi CLI]({{< ref "/docs/reference/cli" >}}) command. |
> | loginArgs | No | Args to be passed to the [pulumi login command]({{< ref "/docs/reference/cli/pulumi_login" >}}). |
> | args | No | Option flags (e.g. "--yes") that can be passed to the given `pulumi` command. Use space to separate multiple args. For a list of CLI command and supported options, see [Pulumi CLI]({{< ref "/docs/reference/cli" >}}). |
> | cwd | No | The working directory to run the Pulumi commands. Use this if your Pulumi App is in a different directory. |
> | stack | Yes | Name of stack being managed. Can be of the form `ORG/STACK` or `ORG/PROJECT/STACK`. |
> | versionSpec | No | The Pulumi version that should be used. Defaults to the latest version. If you require a specific version then the format is `1.5.0` or if you just need the latest version then `latest` can be used. |
> | createStack | No | Set to `true` if the stack should be created if it does not already exist. Defaults to `false`. |
> | createPrComment | No | Set to `true` to add a comment to your Pull Request (PR). Can only be used in pipelines driven by PRs. Defaults to `false`. See [PR Comments by Task Extension]({{< relref "pr_comments" >}}).
> | useThreadedPrComments | No | Defaults to `true` to always add a comment to the previously-created comments thread. Set to `false` to have each comment added separately.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| azureSubscription | No | Service connection reference. Alternatively, configure environment variables with Pulumi provider credentials. |
| command | No | The applicable [Pulumi CLI]({{< ref "/docs/reference/cli" >}}) command. |
| loginArgs | No | Args to be passed to the [pulumi login command]({{< ref "/docs/reference/cli/pulumi_login" >}}). |
| args | No | Option flags (e.g. "--yes"), separated by spaces, to pass to the given `pulumi` command.  |
| cwd | No | The working directory to run the Pulumi commands. Use this if your Pulumi App is in a different directory. |
| stack | Yes | Name of stack being managed. Can be of the form `org/stack` or `org/project/stack`. |
| versionSpec | No | The Pulumi version to use. Defaults to the latest version. If you require a specific version then the format is `1.5.0` or if you just need the latest version then `latest` can be used. |
| createStack | No | Boolean indicating if the stack should be created. |
| createPrComment | No | Boolean indicating whether to leave a pull request (PR) comment. Can only be used in pipelines driven by PRs. Defaults to `false`. See [PR Comments by Task Extension]({{< relref "pr_comments" >}}).
| useThreadedPrComments | No | Boolean indicating if PR comments should be threaded. |
```

- im not sure you need all the links to the main CLI docs, maybe one link above the table is enough?
- does `Pulumi App` mean pulumi program?
- may be worth having a defaults column

- A git repo with your Azure DevOps project set as the remote URL.
    - To learn more about how to [create a git repo in your DevOps project](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/devops/organizations/projects/create-project?view=vsts&tabs=new-nav).

> ## Command Summary

Reviewer 2: Also note that this entire guide is a general "how to use Pulumi in Azure Pipelines" guide. There is a specific section about the Pulumi Task Extension under `Pulumi Task Extension for Azure Pipelines`. Perhaps, this section should go under it?

> ## Command Summary

Author: Added the link for intellisense.

Regarding item 2, I rearranged this page a bit.
My original goal was to provide a docs page with the command arguments, etc so users of ADO pipelines could easily find the info. And I want that command reference at the top of the page so make it easy to find. 
So, I rearranged the page to make the task extension front and center and moved the general information about ADO pipelines and how Pulumi works in the environment to a separate section.

For the YAML-driven DevOps pipeline, the repository must contain the `azure-pipelines.yml` in the root of the repo for Azure DevOps to use it automatically.
The following are samples only. You may choose to structure your configuration any way you like.

### Log Pulumi Output as PR Comments

The Pulumi task supports adding PR comments containing the log output from the Pulumi command that was executed in your build pipeline.
Your project's build service user will need additional permissions to perform that action. Follow these steps to grant the build service user the `Contribute to pull requests` permission:

> - Navigate to the **Project Settings** page and click on **Repositories** under the **Repos** heading.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Navigate to the **Project Settings** page and select **Repositories** under the **Repos** heading.
```

> - Select the repository where you will be using this feature and then click on the **Security** tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Select the repository where you will be using this feature and then select the **Security** tab.
```

- Now under the **Users** section find the build service user. If you are using the default build service user,
the naming convention is `<Project name> Build Service` where `<Project name>` is your project's name.
- Change the value of `Contribute to pull requests` to `Allow`.

**Note**: This feature is only supported for builds triggered by pull requests created in git repositories hosted by Azure DevOps.

> Repositories hosted by external VCS such as Bitbucket, GitHub, GitLab are not supported at this time.

Reviewer: may be worth using the note shortcode for this

Author: Done and moved it to the top of the subsection

For the YAML-driven DevOps pipeline, the repository must contain the `azure-pipelines.yml` in the root of the repo for Azure DevOps to use it automatically.
The following are samples only. You may choose to structure your configuration any way you like.

> ### Log Pulumi Output as PR Comments {#log-pulumi-output-as-pr-comments}

Reviewer 2: Just a thought -- what do you think about replacing this with a mention of the feature (and maybe link it to the [overview doc](https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-az-pipelines-task/blob/master/overview.md#logs-output-as-pr-comments)) under the existing `Pulumi Task Extension for Azure Pipelines` section?

Author: I thought about this, but I'm generally not a fan of having to hop to links for "required" information in the document (as opposed to supplemental information). I don't think these steps will change over time and so keeping the doc and the overview file in synch shouldn't be a problem.

Reviewer 2: @MitchellGerdisch sounds good :) I was thinking the same thing but thought it might be ok here.
